[bright. energetic music playing]
[Kitty] You've got this. Kitty.
You've pulled an all-nighter
every day this week.
It's just a test. Kitty.
Except. if Jiwon fails you.
you can kiss NYU goodbye.
and you'll scrub toilets in Portland
for the rest
of your godforsaken life. and…
No. no. stop.
Pencils down. everyone.
Seniors. don't forget to go to the lounge
for an announcement.
Thank you. Thank you.
- Feeling good?
- Better than good. Great.
I spent the last week
becoming one with the text.
- So. when are we gonna get our grades?
- You'll get the verdict sometime tomorrow.
Yay! So soon.
No pressure.
Not like my future
is hanging in the balance.
Can you check my pulse?
Professor Lee's exam killed me.
I barely had time to study
since I started working for Yisoo.
But I'm getting paid today.
so there's that.
Ooh. So I'm hearing lunch is on you?
I'm craving bibimbap.
Oh. ha ha. Actually.
I do have something for you.
My mom found it while she was unpacking.
Is this our moms on a rollercoaster?
Yes. it's the French Revolution ride
at Lotte World.
Can you believe my mom ever had fun?
I like to think
they brought out the best in each other.
Wait. stop. is that--
[Yuri] Yeah.
that's Professor Lee with a perm.
[chuckles] This is so much better
than a free lunch.
Wait. we should totally recreate
this photo before the year's up.
Yes. I'm adding that to my list.
- Hey. Hi.
- Oh. hi.
[clears throat]
Congratulations on finishing
your midterms.
You've all worked hard.
Some. harder than others.
And while I believe
education is its own reward.
I'm not above a little fun.
Which is why
this year's senior field trip is to…
Hm.
The Korean Furniture Museum!
- [gasps]
- [students groan]
Last year they went to the Stamp Museum.
This might be worse.
Uh. Professor Lee?
As riveting
as the Furniture Museum sounds…
I mean. who doesn't love a good ottoman?
But what if we went
to Lotte World instead?
This isn't a Socratic forum. Ms. Covey.
The senior field trip
is supposed to be educational.
Uh. there's lots of walking
at Lotte World.
which is physical education.
[quietly] Please help me.
Lotte is one of the biggest brands
in Korea.
I mean. is there a better way
to study business marketing?
And. um. roller coasters
are basically applied physics.
- I've literally always said that. So…
- Thank you.
[Kitty] And you didn't object
to Lotte World
when you were in high school.
[gentle music playing]
[Kitty] Nice perm. by the way.
Never imagined you with ringlets.
Where'd you find this?
Yuri got it from her mom.
It looks like an amazing memory.
It was.
Lotte World it is.
[students cheer]
- [gasps]
- [clears throat]
We're going to Lotte World!
[bright. energetic music playing]
Call me crazy. but I think
the arcade's the best part of the park.
Okay. Then you're crazy.
Have you even been on the Conquistador?
There he is. Man of the hour.
Congratulations on breaking
the school record.
It's the fastest 100-meter hurdles
that KISS has ever seen.
Thanks. Just had a good morning.
Jin. wasn't that your record though?
- Records were made to be broken.
- Yeah. but by 0.3 seconds though.
[inhales sharply] Yikes.
- Are you sure you're okay with all this?
- Of course.
Told you. I'm happy for you.
Did you guys finish your applications?
I got mine into SNU a week ago.
Already?
Early apps aren't due
for another few weeks.
Yeah. but. you know. it's my dream school.
and Korean unis are getting
harder to get into each year.
I have no doubt you're gonna get in.
Wait. are you kidding me? [scoffs]
Are you okay?
Uh. I just got my first direct deposit.
Where is the rest of it?
Girl. everyone has to start somewhere.
[Eunice squeals]
Did you see? My music video
just hit 10 on the K-pop 100!
What?! Seriously?
Yesterday it was. like. ranked 78!
I know. right? And Jennie.
she just followed me on Instagram!
- No way. What? No way.
- Oh my gosh. shut up. Shut up.
- No!
- All right. Eunice! I knew you'd smash it!
Hey. you are smashing it also.
Congrats to you for making it happen.
I'm so proud of you.
- Thanks. Kitty.
- [cell phone chimes]
Oh wow. Um. my dad just said
he wants to start recording Eunice's album
straight after graduation.
Oh. that's awesome. I can't believe
you know what you're doing next year.
Yeah. I guess it means
I'm staying in Seoul.
[Kitty sighs]
What about you?
I know you love NYU.
but have you ever thought about staying?
[Kitty] Whoa. future talk?
This is new territory.
Of course I've thought about staying
in Seoul for college. just a little.
I don't know. Maybe.
I mean. I could get
an apartment in Itaewon.
See Jiwon and Imo-Halmoni all the time.
- Maybe see Yuri get a raise.
- [chuckles]
And you and I still have
a lot to cross off my sunset list.
And I might just have
a few things to add to it.
[chuckles softly] It could be
kind of amazing.
But for now.
let's make today unforgettable.
["100!" by One Pact playing]
♪ OP ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't mind
Lookin' for somebody like you… ♪
[pop song continues in Korean]
Now. remember
to use the buddy system. guys.
- It's okay. They're not toddlers.
- Worse. they're teenagers.
- [exclaims]
- I'm so in!
[Alex] Oh shoot. they're running.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. Slow down.
- Whoa!
[excited chatter]
[in Korean] Hello. hello.
Please show your tickets.
[gasps]
- Eunice?! From the music video?
- That's me!
[in English] ♪ All the boys wanna see me
All the girls wanna be me ♪
♪ At the end of the night
All the girls and the guys ♪
[both squeal and laugh]
[in Korean] I'm your number one "Eunit."
Really? Thank you!
I can get you and your friends
through the VIP entrance.
Really?
[in English] They're gonna let us
in the VIP line!
[in Korean] Thank you! Find me later
and let's take a picture together!
Thank you!
[giggles]
- [Eunice in English] I'm so excited!
- Sorry.
Oh my God!
Wait. you two smile and say VIP!
- Oh. That is such a nice idea!
- Sure.
- VIP!
- Yay!
Nice! Yeah. great!
[speaks Korean]
Where did everybody go?
Oh shoot. I just zoned out.
But you know what?
You deserve to have a little bit of fun.
Maybe catch a ride or two.
We should totally get the school uniforms.
It'd be super nostalgic.
It's a Lotte World tradition.
Professor Finnerty. we're the adults.
- We're here to keep the students safe.
- [sighs]
Come on. just one ride?
Mm.
[riders scream]
Are you sure
this is the same roller coaster?
- It looks. like. way bigger in person.
- Hey. if our moms did it. so can we.
Do you know what happens inside
that tunnel? Actually. I don't wanna know.
Kitty Song-Covey.
afraid of a roller coaster?
- You feeling all right?
- Totally.
Just occurred to me
that this is older than we are.
so it might be. like. a safety hazard.
Trust your instincts. Kathy.
There's over 100
theme park-related deaths per year.
Why do you think they call it
the French Revolution?
Your head's too big as it is.
No one will miss it.
All right. you two.
you don't have to be friends.
I'll settle for frenemies.
- Never gonna happen.
- Keep dreaming.
Maybe I just. you know.
work my way up to it.
That's a great idea.
We'll all meet at the entrance at 10 p.m..
and ride together.
- Let's do it.
- Sounds good.
- 'Kay.
- We'll get you your photo.
It'll be the last thing we do.
In the park. Covey. Not in life.
That gives us a few hours.
Should we hit the Conquistador?
Actually. you were right.
We should do the arcade.
In fact. I was thinking
Lotte World Olympics.
you and me. a night-long showdown.
- That is. if you can handle it.
- I never back down from a challenge.
[energetic music playing]
[snaps photo]
- It's so cute.
- [crowd clamoring]
I'm sorry Praveena couldn't be here.
Yeah. I mean. she's off
on a college tour in Switzerland.
You know that poli-sci program's
gonna be an amazing fit for her?
She's gonna run the world someday.
[scoffs] Uh…
She didn't say anything about that to me.
I only know about it because
she texted me for dinner recs.
Is that weird?
I think it's cool
that you guys are friends.
[softly] Okay.
Oh. there's the Gyro Drop. Guys. let's go.
Are you kidding me? That line is insane.
That's how rides work.
Ugh. To be honest.
I've only ever done this
with a personal concierge.
[Juliana] Yeah. Yuri and I used
to come here to escape our parents.
I mean. no lines.
gourmet food. VIP everything.
- [groans]
- It was pretty nice. wasn't it?
It was.
- Now I can barely afford to do my nails.
- [chuckles]
Ugh. I miss being rich!
I hate waiting in line.
How about this?
I'll be your personal concierge.
free of charge.
and you're still gonna have fun.
[chuckles]
- Okay.
- [laughs]
You see? All those people rode the ride
and lived to tell the tale.
[in Korean] You said it wasn't scary!
- [in English] Oh my God.
- [retching. coughs]
Okay. maybe not elegantly.
Did you not see what I saw?
It's too steep. Your seatbelt could snap.
You could fly out during that bigass loop.
Then you're in the dark.
and you have no idea what's next.
- Yes. that's the fun of it.
- [sighs]
I'm sorry. you were
so excited about this yesterday.
What changed?
I don't know exactly.
You say you want
to work your way up. right?
Then let's work our way up.
First. we start off
with the Dream Boats. Entry level.
- It barely counts.
- I don't wanna--
Then the bumper cars. Adventurous.
but at least you're in control.
Then the Tomb of Horror.
The rush of adrenaline.
And finally…
the French Revolution.
How's that sound?
- Fine.
- Yay! Come on.
["Go Big or Go Home" playing]
That wasn't so bad. right?
♪ Let's go. go. go ♪
[song continues in Korean]
- Whoo!
- [both laugh]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ We going. going. going ♪
♪ We ride ♪
♪ I'm feeling. feeling
Feeling all right ♪
♪ We going. going. going we ride ♪
♪ We ride ♪
♪ Go big or go home ♪
[song continues in Korean]
[all scream]
- Whoo!
- [both laugh]
[thunder rumbles]
Oh no. No. I hate this.
I hate this very much.
If you can survive the Tomb of Horror.
a rollercoaster's nothing.
- [screams]
- [both yelp]
- Okay. but that came out of nowhere.
- Mm-hmm.
Listen. this is the last step.
- [air sprays]
- [both scream]
[Min Ho] Tackling the fear of the unknown.
And is some random in makeup
really that scary?
Uh…
- [shouts]
- [both scream]
- [shrieks]
- [actor gasps]
- [chuckles]
- What?
All right. Covey.
I knew you had it in you.
You let me win a couple.
I suck at basketball.
What? No. No.
No. you're… you're really great.
Uh-huh. That's what I thought.
Ah. I don't know.
I know how much you miss competing.
And I thought it'd be fun for us
to get back into it like the old days.
- Don't you miss being on the track team?
- So that's what this was all about?
Maybe it did sting when you beat
my record. but it's not that I miss track.
It's just… Since I've left.
I've been feeling kind of lost.
Like I don't have a thing.
I'd be more than happy
to help you find whatever that thing is.
because I love you.
[tender music playing]
I love you too.
Well. I did say it first.
so I guess that means I win.
- Okay. let's go.
- [chuckles]
[excited chatter]
Breathe. Covey. You got this.
Holy crap!
Eunice and Min Ho are on Discatch.
- Oh my God!
- [scoffs]
"After a whirlwind summer tour.
Eunice and her manager
were spotted at Lotte World."
[Eunice] "Her manager
is Young Moon's son. Min Ho.
a promising producer
who has a bright future of his own."
Hell yeah. your future's bright.
Damn. I didn't realize
they followed you everywhere.
Rome. Paris. Dubai.
Min Ho? Babes.
are you taking acting clients?
Zendaya's making her directorial debut.
and if I could just get one audition…
Guys. Guys. grades are in. [gasps]
Oh my gosh!
[Juliana] Okay. vibe shift.
Yes! I aced everything.
I still have a shot at SNU.
Got an A in Anatomy. obvi.
Ooh! Me too. Take that. Professor Choi.
[Kitty] Rip the Band-Aid off. Kitty.
[gentle music playing]
Wait.
I need more time.
Any version of the future I want
is on the other side of these grades.
NYU. which I've been dreaming about
since the summer.
and the fantasy of Seoul with Min Ho
that's been in my head all day.
[sighs] I just need more time.
[roller coaster rattles on tracks]
- Well. how did you do?
- I can't do this.
- I'm not ready for something this huge.
- Wait. you're leaving?
But our photo.
I'm sorry. I… I can't.
Well. if you're not going. I'm not going.
No. I'll feel worse
if you don't do it because of me.
- So…
- Covey. wait.
[gentle music playing]
This isn't about the ride. is it?
You guys have fun.
I wanna hear all about it.
See you at the exit. Sorry. Excuse me.
[in Korean] Sorry.
[in English] Sorry.
Excuse me.
What are you doing here? [sighs]
I already told you. I don't do
death traps from the '80s. Kathy.
Oh. So all that decapitation talk was
'cause you were scared?
Not 'cause you were trying to get to me?
Look. I know you think
I'm some big. bad Disney villain.
but even I have limits.
What am I supposed to think?
You've been messing with my relationship
ever since you got here.
Because you've been
messing with my friendship with Q.
Friendship? Come on. I'm not blind.
He's my best friend.
of course I'm gonna protect him.
Look. there is a lot
that you don't understand about us. okay?
When we were together.
I was dating someone else too.
A girl.
And I was trying to figure out
what I was into.
and it… it really got messy. and…
You… you wouldn't get it.
Actually. I do.
I broke up with Dae for Yuri.
and then I kissed Yuri
when she was dating Juliana.
and I was kind of seeing Praveena.
None of those were my brightest moments.
But looking back now. I can see all those
missteps led me to discovering who I am.
Well. mine got me further
from who I want to be with.
And I'm pretty sure
that door's closing now. so…
Yeah. I think it is.
[riders scream]
If I'm being honest. that is
what I've been freaking out about all day.
The fact that a door could be closing
for me here in Seoul.
What do you mean?
If I blow it on these midterms.
the possibility of me
having a future in Seoul is gone.
and the life that I love
with all of my friends.
And… Min Ho.
But I think the biggest mistake
would be to let my grades decide
if I get the life that I want.
I get to decide that.
[gasps] Holy shit. I killed it!
I have to go tell Min Ho.
Marius?
For what it's worth.
I think I was too quick to judge you.
[chuckles softly] Thanks. Kitty.
- Did you just say my name?
- Don't make it a thing.
Oh. it's a thing.
[upbeat music playing]
Sorry. I'm just coming through.
Thank you. Thank you. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry.
Thank you. Just going this way. Thank you.
[in Korean] I'm sorry.
[in English] I'm so sorry.
Excuse me. Min Ho!
I did well on my midterms.
I told you!
You're relieved now?
Yes. It means…
It's possible that you could be here
next year and we could…
Yeah. it's possible.
I'm ready for whatever happens next.
You ready to take this ride with me?
[chanting] Kitty! Kitty!
Kitty! Kitty! Kitty! Kitty!
Why do you think I came back?
- Yes!
- [cheering]
["Soñar" playing]
♪ Drop it ♪
[song continues in Korean]
[screaming]
- [high-energy pop fades]
- [gentle music playing]
- Uh… [groans]
- [gasps]
[retching]
Yep. Those loop-de-loops will get you.
[crowd clamoring]
Don't take my picture!
I said stop!
You were right. Lotte World is really fun.
- Even these silly uniforms.
- [chuckles]
Sorry I was such a grump.
Wow. really? I couldn't tell.
Ms. Ahn? Eunice needs help.
I'm coming. Back to being the grown-ups.
- [clamoring]
- Everyone! Hey. hey. hey! Everyone!
Okay. don't laugh.
But I've been thinking about joining
the Future Business Leaders Club.
Are you kidding?
You'd look great in a three-piece suit.
Aww. Oh. I left my bag at the gift shop.
But I'll be right back.
Oh. yeah. I'll save you a seat.
Okay. today's been really great.
so you can save the snark.
[quietly] Okay. Okay.
How about the truth. then?
Look. I know you're with Jin.
and I know I've been messing with that
since I came back.
But the truth is. I'm having a hard time
accepting we might be a thing of the past.
Because you're the reason I came back.
Q. you're the only reason I am here.
because I want to be with you.
[somber music playing]
[in Korean] Checking your grades again?
Why were you so worried?
You've never gotten less than an A.
If I get even one bad grade.
there’s a chance that I won’t get
into Seoul National University.
I know that's the path
you have always talked about.
but you have more options now.
I used to think I'd always be a VIP.
Honestly. today while we were out.
you showed me
there's more than one way to live.
Both of our lives are different now.
[in English] So give yourself
permission to dream.
Okay?
[clicks tongue] I still can't believe
you paid for this.
You could've just took
a picture of the monitor.
- Okay. some things are worth the splurge.
- [sighs]
Kitty. look.
Ah! It's perfect.
How did our moms manage to look cute?
I look like I've been electrocuted.
Hey. you look happy.
- And electrocuted. [chuckles]
- Mm.
[Kitty] I love that I'm walking
in my mom's footsteps in Seoul.
But now I believe that
I can forge my own path here too.
- Ready for bingsu?
- Yes.
You think that Eunice might want to come?
She could probably use a pick-me-up.
Uh. she said she was gonna crash.
Today was a lot.
That's fair. I guess
both your lives are about to change.
Wait. let me get my jacket.
[cell phone chimes]
[Kitty] Okay. I am ready to go.
Actually. um. I hate to do this.
but Marius says he needs to talk.
- I know how you feel about him. but--
- No. Marius is…
I'm gonna give him the benefit of
the doubt. You go. You're a good friend.
- I promise I'll make it up to you.
- I'll allow it.
- Bye.
[Kitty] Today was
an emotional rollercoaster.
to say the least.
But my life wouldn't be mine
if it didn't have its ups and downs.
Once upon a time. KISS was just a dream.
But now. it's home.
My friends are my family.
And Min Ho…
Well. there's no one else
I'd rather take this ride with.
[in Korean] So. what's wrong?
[Kitty in English] There's no one
I trust more to catch me when I fall.
There's no one like…
Min Ho?
And…
Eunice?
[in Korean] Min Ho…
[splutters]
I…
[sighs. sniffles]
I think I'm pregnant.
[scoffs]
[somber music playing]
Paris…
that night.
["What Would You Do" by Wonho playing]
♪ Oh no ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah ♪
♪ What would you do ♪
♪ If you were me and I was you? ♪
♪ If I just. if I just put your heart
In your stomach ♪
♪ Then tore you apart like it's nothing? ♪
♪ What would you say ♪
♪ If I treatеd you this way? ♪
♪ If I just
If I just ruined your life in a second ♪
♪ Hurt me like you
You. you. you. you did? ♪
♪ What would you do? ♪
♪ Oh. what would you do? ♪
[dreamy pop fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm